# Corner_Grocer

Corner Crocer was a small little program that was created for my C++ course. It takes information from a file that counts out the vaules depending on the menu selection. It allows for the information from the input file to be translated to either a single count of an item, a count of all items, or as a histogram. I feel that I did a particularlly good job when creating the main function. It is easy to read and understand. By using best practicies I am able to maintain the code easily and makes changes as needed. When looking back at the code the main things that I would change would be to create a header file with the different classes and functions. This would make the code a lot more readable and allow for more inforamtion to be reused in other code. When I was orignally writing the program I did have some challenges when it came to the opening and closing of the files. I tried different ways, but kept coming up with the files not being able to be created or opened. After a while of trying to figure out the issue, I did end up looking at Stackoverflow for some possible solutions. Eventually I did find some information that helped me to create the correct outcome. By using online resources I am able to expand my tools and resources exponetially. Overall, this was a fun program to create and taught me a lot of skills that I will need in the future. One in particular is accessing information from outside sources. This allows for information to be pulled from different sources to create a more indepth application.
